Hello Babji,

This is the introduction of Challenge wher i will be defining How i really want my life to 
look like and what are the changed that i needed in myself to know myself more deeply .

What i wanna do ?

1. Early Wakeups -  I Fucking wanna wakeup early morning daily 
2. Youtube - Life Evolve Channel Update and Weekend Gaminng Content
3. Live Life in the Present...


These are the things only that i need in this Year from my self and going to update about you everyday 
about this..

So, i Know things are getting Hard and we have to work on it and this is the last opprotuinity i
got in my life as i will have no other opportunities in future like this.

As i am Financially Stable and Environment is really also i have someone who really does for me
from heart

Now Focus on the Things that really matters to You and Closest to your Heart..

So Life Going on really at the peace as i am sitting now without anything in my mind just free 
mind and calm and it really the best time of life as in future i will be never be able to sit
like this ever in my life again so yea ,
i am really thankfull to god for doing everything for me and making me this capable for the things

I am Really Looking forwards to my future.

You the Person Reading should know that life know change when you change yourself.

"You get something you never had you had to do something you never did in the life"

Life just goes on and on ,You just have to bear with it and see eye to eye to the 
Problems of life ..

You can conquer anything in life ...

Anything means anything..
It just needed madness in youuu...
Observe your madness , increase it , follow it...
Just do what make you mad from inside..



Here i hate my life because i have not sufficent money and Things are not happening as it is
in my mind..
So yea that's how life is going on and on....
Life Gives Choices to Everyone some change , some stay the same..

YOU ONLY CAN DO IT>>>
NOBODY CAN DO WHAT YOU ARE CAPABLE OF DOING>>
Go Beyond yourself..

Remove your limits they are just made with your subcouncious mind...
That's it for now..

Now Let's meet everyday in Update of my life Series.
I really going to cry in future after reading all this crap stuff of my life ..
As it's really core phase of my life ..

Sayonaraa..




