Dear Stranger,

This is the new stories, so tell me tell you what happened yesterday and how 
my day firs, there were some issue in my personal life so it went kind of
late night yesterday and it fucked my morning and actually i myself from inside
doenst want to go early morning that's why things are like this so will work on
some things and focus on saving and earning more as of now , as you have full
life to enjoy , just some days to save and work on the things that really 
matter to long term life

So, Dear Stranger life really is simple if you look it like a child,
then you enjoy everything even a 1 rupee toffee you enjoy it to fullest and 
when you become adult even 100 ruppes food you eat like saving and regretting 
so year it;s your mind is brainwashed when you get adult

Society forces your brain to focus only on money and power.
Society always prioritized this two things.

Thank you for reading these for me..
You realy are someone who is obsessed with mee.

I am kind of adjusting with average things in life , like i am kind of being
okay with living a low key life ,,,
that is inside me who is stopping me from taking bold decisions in my life 
so yea it really makes me dispointed from inside.
But it is what it is.

Life is what happens when you are lost in your own world..

That's Really Deap and kind of real thought of a human life.
You know for a company we are just a resource for them who gonna do something
for them at a cheap rate and follow all their orders..

That's how life work and things get worked in corporate companies so

I really from deapth of my heart not wanna continue this job after the bond 
anymore and anywhere

I really hate this .....

Even they be like after 1 year review hike will be given but only if you 
sign for a 1 year more bond then it gonna work ..

So yea here most people are working because of their responsibilities and 
situations

Everyone here dreaming something and suffering from somehting deep down inside
some are here at big level who doesn't wanna shift now as they have made
themself adjusted to this company background..

Life in you , It's in your decisions and emotions.

Observe Your Emotions
Surender Your Emotions
